[DSM] Add link text to DSM to each core DSM integration so that DSM shows up on the website (#19854)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka/README.md

If you are running a version older than that, see the [Agent v5.2.x released sample files][22].
- To collect Kafka consumer metrics, see the [kafka_consumer check][3].

> To get more out of your Kafka integration, including visualizing your pipelines and tracking lag through the pipeline to root out bottlenecks, consider [Data Streams Monitoring][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider [Data Streams Monitoring][24] to enhance your Kafka integration. This solution enables pipeline visualization and lag tracking, helping you identify and resolve bottlenecks.
```
